A way of specifying any uniform polyhedron using three rational numbers
and a bar |. If two of the numbers are equal to 2, the third is
arbitrary. Otherwise we have the restriction that the numerators can
only be 2, 3, 4, or 5 - and 4 and 5 are not allowed to occur together.
There are a few cases:

**Regular polyhedra** have a pattern {r, r, r, ..., r} of polygons round
each vertex (where {3, 3, 3, 3} would mean
triangle-triangle-triangle-triangle). By inserting \\'non-faces\\' with
two sides, we can write this as {2, r, 2, r, ..., 2, r}. We write this
as p|2r, where p is the number of times the pattern is repeated (for
example, {3, 3, 3, 3} would become {2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3} and be
written 4|23).

**Quasi-regular polyhedra** have a pattern {q, r, q, r, ..., q, r} of
polygons round each vertex, (where {3, 4, 3, 4} would mean
triangle-square-triangle-square). We write this as p|qr , where p is the
number of times the pattern repeats itself (so {3, 4, 3, 4} would be
written 2|34).

**Semi-regular polyhedra** have pattern {p, 2r, q, 2r} of polygons round
each vertex, where p may be 2, to represent a \\'non-face\\'. This is
written with Wythoff symbol pq|r.

**Even-faced polyhedra** have pattern {2p, 2q, 2r} of polygons round
each vertex. This is written with Wythoff symbol pqr|.

**Snub polyhedra** have pattern {3, p, 3, q, 3, r} of polygons round
each vertex. This is written with Wythoff symbol |pqr.

**The Great Dirhombicosidodecahedron** has eight faces round each
vertex; the Wythoff method can only deal with up to 6 faces round a
vertex, so there is no true Wythoff symbol for this uniform polyhedron.
It is denoted with the pseudo-Wythoff symbol (|3/2 5/3 3 5/2).

For the purpose of making Wythoff symbols, a fraction a/b means a star
made from a points by joining every b^th^ point. For instance, a
five-pointed star can be made from five points by joining up every
second point; this is written 5/2.
